Mr. Shen, you have to call the shots for me?
What!
Mr. Shen, don't be angry
beast
Isn't this in a hurry to report the situation to you?
I just convey your words according to your wishes.
Coco didn't expect him to be beaten violently by Shen Yan
This is not hitting me in the face
This is to smash your face.
What are you?
Can your face compare to mine?
Mr. Shen, don't be angry
Who to blame
I even dare to hit your people
I think he doesn't want to live anymore
Yes, just like Shen Yan
He also said
To be at the return banquet of the owner of the dragon shop
Take back the night store in person
Ahahaha
What is he?
Dare to take the gift from the shopkeeper
Go and put the night cow in the VIP box next door
Happy everyone
Count it and do it, hey, hey.
Just go for a little thing
You stay with Mr. Shen
This is my wife.
I'll give it back to you after I'm done playing
Do it now
The hatred of motives is irreconcilable
Shen Tian, you beast
I will personally present your gift to the temple
Let you know which of us is the master